My name is Shawn.
I was raised in the truth.
I was doing everything right.
But I was doing everything wrong.
I was in my senior year of high school.
Everything was going great
until this new girl joined our school.
I really don’t know
how it even started.
We just sort of hit it off
and became good friends.
I mean, she was so easy to talk to.
Before I knew it,
we were texting all the time.
Then, one thing led to another.
Honestly, when things
started to get physical,
I thought I could control it,
but it was only getting worse.
I didn’t want to let my parents down.
So I started lying to them,
and then I started lying to myself.
I thought if I could just keep
going to the meetings and do my parts,
it could somehow be OK.
But I was far from OK.
The next night, we had family worship.
We were reading about the account
of Ananias and his wife, Sapphira.
When a special fund was set up
for needy Christians, Ananias sold a field.
But then, he boldly claimed
he was contributing
the entire proceeds of its sale.
In reality, though,
Ananias had “secretly held back
some of the price”
for his personal gain.
Peter boldly said to him:
“You have lied,
not to men, but to God.”
Jehovah wasn’t fooled
by their pretense.
Then we read Psalm 44:21:
“[God] is aware
of the secrets of the heart.”
Reading this account of Ananias
and Sapphira made me realize
I wasn’t just lying
to my parents or my friends.
I was lying to Jehovah.
As much as I didn’t want
to let my parents down,
even more so,
I didn’t want to let Jehovah down.
I prayed long that night.
I didn’t hold anything back.
By the next morning,
I knew what I wanted to do.
It wasn’t easy,
but my parents were very supportive,
and I also got the help
I needed from the elders.
It’s been a few years,
but as I look back now,
I was one of those kids
living a double life.
But now with Jehovah’s help,
I’m living the best life.